Sourced from http://www.msf.org.uk/sites/uk/files/what_is_msf_schools_014_lo-res.pdf

What is MSF?
MSF stands for Médecins Sans Frontières, which is French for Doctors Without Borders.

We are an aid organisation and send doctors, nurses and logisticians all over the world to give medical care to people who really need it so they can live longer and healthier lives.

Who do we treat?
We give medical care to adults and children, free of charge.

It doesn’t matter to us which country they are from, what their religion is or whose side they are on. All that matters is they are human beings in need.

Vanlalsiam is ten and lives in Manipur, India. He is HIV-positive and also had tuberculosis, which made him so weak that he couldn’t play or go to school.

An MSF doctor gave him the right medicines. He has put on weight and — happy and healthy again — is now back at school with his friends.

Abdel-hafit is six and walked with his family from Somalia to Kenya to escape the war and the drought. On the way he was bitten by a sandfly, which gave him a disease called kala azar. An MSF nurse took him to hospital and now he is cured.

Mirlanda is from Haiti. During an earthquake the ceiling of her house fell down, crushing her leg and trapping her under the rubble. After three days she was rescued and taken to MSF’s hospital. The doctors made her a new prosthetic leg and now she is learning to walk with it. She’s looking forward to dancing and playing football again.

What makes MSF special?
When a disaster strikes, MSF is usually the first to help. We can act quickly because we are independent and most of our money is given to us by generous members of the public.

What can I do to help?
• You can tell others about MSF.
• You can organise a fundraising event with your friends or at school.
• You can make a donation to MSF, or ask for a donation instead of a birthday present.
• You can ask someone from MSF to visit your school. 
• You can become an MSF volunteer when you’re older!